**Hand in date:** *20/03/2023* 

**Limit**: 2750 words & references, tables and images titles are not included into the count. 
**Requirements**: font size 11, 1.5 line spacing & 2cm margins.
**Font**: Times New Roman or Arial
Harvard Referencing -> ``Your work must link with academic research.``

- **Learning Outcomes:**
`LO1` -> Critically evaluate the security of a computer system 
`LO3` -> Examine suitable strategies, policies and approaches to mitigation in light of legal, social, ethical and professional issue

- **Description**:
Ransomware has become a **significant threat** in recent years as **threat actors leverage systems for financial gain using a method known as ==cryptoviral extortion==**. In 2020, over 75% of all attacks begin with either a *phishing email* or a *Remote Desktop Protocol* (**RDP**) compromise. In 60% of cases, the ransomware is installed via desktop-sharing apps or is installed directly. 

As a cyber analyst you are expected to understand the systems in use in any business and how they can be best protected. You have been asked to present a report which details: 
`
1. An explanation of how **Ransomware** works.
2. The impact of **Ransomware**. 
3. The **vulnerabilities** across the **systems**.
4. Apporpriate **mitigation**.
5. How to **recover** from a **ransomware attacks**.
6. The **social**, **professional** and **ethical** implications resulting from an attack. 

Information on how to write a report can be found at:
https://www.grammarly.com/blog/how-to-write-areport/?gclid=Cj0KCQjw852XBhC6ARIsAJsFPN2IA77O_xx5GPX5t0S8XY0nohqxHlUG08Hcu0ovQB8wC4fuImJl-IUaAjYKEALw_wcB&gclsrc=aw.ds

The library offers writing development. For more information please refer to: https://guides.library.lincoln.ac.uk/aws